feat: slack documentation (#137)
commutatus/awesome: domains/engineering/efficient/slack_integration.md

   
   [![aws lambda console](/assets/images/slack-2.png)](/assets/images/slack-2.png)

6. Click on the **permission scope** hyperlink. And scroll down to **Scopes** section. Here under **Bot Token Scopes** click on **Add an OAuth Scope.** This drop down menu contains all the actions that the app can perform at a bot level. From the dropdown menu select **chat:write** option and that permission will be added to the app.

   [![aws lambda console](/assets/images/slack-3.png)](/assets/images/slack-3.png)

7. After adding the scope, scroll up and you&#39;ll see **Install to Workspace** CTA which now is enabled. Click on it to install to the workspace.
8. After the installation is complete, you can see the app installed on the workspace under the Apps section. Also on the Admin Panel you&#39;ll see **bot token** field. We&#39;ll need this token to configure the app in our code. Copy this code and put it in credentials file or environment variables.
   
   [![aws lambda console](/assets/images/slack-6.png)](/assets/images/slack-6.png)

> 9. We also have to add this app to the channel where we want to post the messages otherwise when we&#39;ll try to send the message, the Slack Client in the code will throw error.

Reviewer: @jish0desarkar -
```suggestion
9. We also have to add this app to the channel where we want to post the messages otherwise when we&#39;ll try to send the message, the Slack Client in the code will throw an error.
```

                        }
                  ]
               },
               {
                  "type": "actions",
                  "elements": [
                        {
                           "type": "button",
                           "text": {
                              "type": "plain_text",
                              "emoji": true,
                              "text": "View Order"
                           },
                           "style": "primary",
                           "url": "#{Rails.application.credentials[Rails.env.to_sym][:admin_panel_url]}/orders/#{self.id}"
                        }
                  ]
               }
            ]
      GehnaSlackApp.send_message_on_slack_channel(payload, "#gehna-website-orders")
   end
   ```

   Note: It&#39;s advisable to call the post\_order\_created\_messageusing a background job.

4. When the above method is run, it&#39;ll pass the formatted payload and the channel name to **send\_message\_on\_slack\_channel** method, which will send the message to the slack channel

-
## _Event Subscriptions and Interactions -_
- **Events** - [Reference](https://api.slack.com/apis/connections/events-api)

>    1. Events are basically any event occurring on slack app like clicking home tab, user getting added to the team, user making changes to his details etc.,
>    2. For events we should provide a post request URL to slack, in which the slack will send a challenge parameter and in response we should provide the challenge value. IF the URL isn&#39;t able to respond with the challenge parameter, URL won&#39;t get approved by slack.

Reviewer: @jish0desarkar -
```suggestion
   1. Events are basically any event occurring on a slack app like clicking a home tab, adding a user to the team, a user making changes to his details, etc.,
   2. For events we should provide a post request URL to slack, in which the slack will send a challenge parameter and in response, we should provide the challenge value. IF the URL isn&#39;t able to respond with the challenge parameter, URL won&#39;t get approved by slack.
```
